Initial commit: Add structure for repo (#1)
metalmatze/sla-mixin: README.md

# SLA Mixin

>NOTE: This project is in pre-alpha stage. Everything you see here may change significantly in the following updates

> Generating Grafana dashboards and Prometheus alerts for your SLI's, SLO's and SLA's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate Prometheus alerting & recording rules and Grafana dashboards for your SLIs, SLOs and SLAs.
```
